Usage
=====

Introduction
------------

Before executing PadTool, you will need two files :
* A config file : it defines all the configuration of the radio station and what output to generate
* A template file : used to compare the json/xml/txt file given in [source]->url, with the tags defined in it. It is used to locate the different info to retrieve. More info below regarding this file 

Config file
-----------

A PadTool config file is divided in 5 sections :
* General : mandatory, info regarding the radio station

        example:
            [general]
            mode = standalone
            timer = 10
            radioName = GRRIF
            slogan = déchiRRe ta RRoutine
            logoUrl = https://www.20ans100francs.ch/uploads/partner/logo/4/GRRIFnoir_web.png
            backurl = https://www.grrif.ch/wp-content/themes/grrif/img/home/default.jpg
            theme = template
            colorl = white
            color1 = lightgrey
            color2 = white
            outFolder = ./out/ 
        
The first parameter to define is the mode.   
PadTool has two modes :   
* `standalone` : PadTool will be completely autonomous by parsing files indicated in the config file.
* `dabctl` : The same as standalone but adapted to the BCE software. PadTool will write the slides each time in the DAB-CTL directory. The timer value will be overriden to 15s to let DAB-CTL manage slides generated by PadTool   
        Tip to use PadTool with DAB-CTL, for eg. if your radio has the SID FFFA:
        
            ...
            [general]
            outFolder = /home/<your-user-name>/dab-ctl/conf/mot_FFFA
            ...
            [dls]
            enabled = 1
            dlsPlus = 1
            text = $artist - $title
            outFile = /home/<your-user-name>/dab-ctl/conf/FFBA.dls
            ...
            
* `server` (not implemented yet)  

The attribute timer is mandatory with the standalone mode. This attribute defines the time between two parsing of the file 
Here the name (`radioName`), the `slogan`, the URL of the logo (`logoUrl`) are defined. The name and the slogan are displayed in the DLS text when file parsing does not find tags.   
The background URL (`backurl`) is optional. In several themes, the background image can be defined.   
Theme attribute defines the theme to use for the ATC (Artist, Title & Cover slide).   
Themes can be found in the `themes` folder.   
`colorl` corresponds to the background color of the logo slide (if generated).   
`color1` and `color2` corresponds to colors used in the theme (see each theme for more details).   
`outFolder` defines the output folder for DLS and Slides files.

* Source : mandatory, defines where to locate the radio info file and the template to use

        example:
            [source]
            url = http://grrif.ch/live/covers.json
            template = examples-template/template-grrif.json
            format = json
            defaultCover = https://www.grrif.ch/Medias/Covers/m/default.jpg
    
The `url` parameter defines the file info to parse   
The `template` is the location of your template file   
The `format` parameter defines the type of the file (json, xml or txt)   
The `defaultCover` parameter is the URL location of a No Cover file. It is displayed where there is no cover found.

* Proxy (optional)

        example:
            [proxy]
            enabled = 1
            http = http://user:pass@my-super-proxy.fr:8080
            https = https://user:pass@my-super-proxy.fr:8080

Defines whether the internet traffic must go through a proxy or not.   
The enabled parameter must be defined to 0 (disable) or 1 (enabled).   
`http` and `https` parameters are the URLs of your proxies   

* Slides : mandatory

        example:
            [slides]
            logo = 1
            music = 1

Defines which slides to generate in the output folder.   
`logo` corresponds to a slide with a logo of the radio station.   
`music` corresponds to a slide with the Artist, Title and Cover actually broadcasted.   

* DLS : mandatory, defined DLS generation options

        example:
            [dls]
            enabled = 1
            text = $radioName $slogan avec : $title par $artist
            outFile = ./out/dls.dls
            dlsPlus = 1

`enabled` attribute defines if PadTool must generate a DLS+ text (0 = disabled; 1 = enabled)   
The text attribute allows to personnalize the DLS+ with tags:
    `$radioName` is replaced by the defined name of the radio station
    `$slogan` is replaced by the defined slogan of the radio station
    `$artist` is replaced by the artist of the song broadcasted
    `$title` is replaced by the title of the song broadcasted

(optional) `outFile` : Defines the path where the DLS file must be located (if different from `outFolder`). If not defined, the DLS will be written at outFolder/dls.txt   
(optional) `dlsPlus` enabled to 1 allows PadTool to generate DLS+, by default only DLS is enabled.

* Filters (optional)

        example:
            [filter]
            title = ["11", "12"]
            artist = ["11", "12"]

Permits to filter and to not process the string which explicitly contains the text given.   
It could be given in an array of string.

Template file
-------------

The template file is useful for the software in order to replace the tags `$artist`, `$title` and `$cover` by the values in the file provided in the config file ([source]->url)

Example, json file provided by a local station from Ardennes, France : RVM

    {"title_str":"","artist":"M.POKORA","title":"SI T ES PAS LA","image":"https:\/\/ftp.rvm.fr\/00009421.jpg","url":"https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/fr\/album\/default\/id11111app=music&ign-mpt=uo%3D4","time":1576441780}
            
The template associated should be then :
    
    {"title_str":"","artist":"$artist","title":"$title","image":"$cover","url":"https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/fr\/album\/default\/id11111app=music&ign-mpt=uo%3D4","time":1576441780}

Best Practices
==============
To be completed
